add hosted docker container (#479)
simplex-chat/simplexmq: scripts/docker/logs/README.md

> smp-server general logs, stored messages and statistic will be stored here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
smp-server general logs, stored messages and statistics (if enabled) will be stored here
```
